docs: add notice about `address` conversion prior to 0.8.0 (#13105)
ethereum/solidity: docs/types/conversion.rst

As described in :ref:`address_literals`, hex literals of the correct size that pass the checksum
test are of ``address`` type. No other literals can be implicitly converted to the ``address`` type.

> Explicit conversions from ``bytes20`` or ``uint160`` to ``address`` is allowed and result in ``address payable``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explicit conversions to ``address`` are allowed only from ``bytes20`` and ``uint160`` and result in ``address payable``.
```

> Explicit conversions from ``bytes20`` or ``uint160`` to ``address`` is allowed and result in ``address payable``.

Reviewer: This part is actually outdated. Starting with 0.8.0 you always need an explicit conversion to get a payable address.
```suggestion
Explicit conversions from ``bytes20`` or ``uint160`` to ``address`` are allowed.
```

Author: @cameel 
I have addressed your comment and removed this last part from the sentence.

I have suggested to mention it in the next sentence then, to be more specific. See this commit: https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/pull/13105/commits/5f2be0c8b776d9eff750fd6bcb023a7e949e6c10

Let me know if that's ok, otherwise I will remove it.

An ``address a`` can be converted to ``address payable`` via ``payable(a)``.

.. note::

>     Prior to version 0.8.0, it was possible to convert explicitly any integer type (signed or unsigned) of any size 
>     (from ``int8``/``uint8`` to ``int256``/``uint256``) to an address. This was removed in 0.8.0, and only conversion 

Reviewer: `chk_coding_style` job is failing because of this:
```suggestion
    Prior to version 0.8.0, it was possible to convert explicitly any integer type (signed or unsigned) of any size
    (from ``int8``/``uint8`` to ``int256``/``uint256``) to an address. This was removed in 0.8.0, and only conversion
```
Please configure your editor to automatically remove trailing whitespace.

>     from ``uint160`` is now allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Prior to version 0.8.0, it was possible to explicitly convert from any integer type (of any size, signed or unsigned) to  ``address`` or ``address payable``.
    Starting with in 0.8.0 only conversion from ``uint160`` is allowed.
```
